				MODULE: 6 (Bootstrap Basic & Advance)
Question-1.What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
Answer.
=>1. Easy initiation
	Coding is a hurricane task for a person who is unbeknownst to web development. 
	But the greatest use of Bootstrap in web development is it makes coding hassle-free. 
	Bootstrap handles everything for you. Despite having no extensive knowledge of coding, one can design an enticing landing page using Bootstrap. The only criterion is to have moderate experience of CSS and HTML. 
	Alongside this, the integration process of Bootstrap is easy on existing and newer websites. In your current CSS, you can incorporate diverse platforms, frameworks, elements of Bootstrap without any hassles.

=>2. Responsiveness
	Statistics highlight over 6.4 billion smartphone users worldwide. 
	This study infers smartphone penetration of over 80 percent. 
	And the numbers do not stop here; in fact, they are rising rapidly. 
	Due to this extensive demand, having a mobile-responsive website has become a prerequisite, and this task is a cakewalk with Bootstrap by your side. It has a fluid grid layout, which adapts as per the screen resolution.

=>3. Highly customizable
	You can find an array of templates in Bootstrap. 
	However, if you find them unappealing, you can concoct your customization using the CSS file. 
	Besides, if you cannot spare time to start everything from scratch, you can blend the customization with the existing code and enhance the functionality. 
	All this can be undertaken under the customization page.

=>4. Extremely user-centric
	While creating landing pages, it is very important to design from the user’s point of view. 
	If a landing page is engaging, only then does it appeal to the audience. 
	One of the prominent advantages of Bootstrap is you can design landing pages complementing the audience’s requirements. It comes up with suggestions regarding elements like photos, Call-to-actions (CTA) that look best for your audience and enhance user experience. Moreover, it helps in making easy edits to the landing page elements for reaching out to more audiences. 

=>5. Top-notch support
	When using Bootstrap, the only requirement is basic knowledge of coding. 
	However, as a newbie, you might come across an array of problems. 
	It might lead to hesitancy when using Bootstrap. To overcome this problem, Bootstrap comes with a huge support community. Having a support community is a blessing in disguise when using any technology. You get answers to every query. 
	You share the query, and the community will actively help in solving it. 
	Besides, the creators are always on their toes updating Bootstrap to offer a better experience to the users. 
	With this, you can always avail the best assistance in every circumstance.

=>6.Cross-browser compatibility
	Every user is different, and so is their device. 
	Along with the device, they use varied browsers too. 
	Bootstrap is compatible with the latest versions of all modern browsers and platforms. 
	One of the biggest advantages of using Bootstrap is compatibility across browsers. 
	With Bootstrap by your side, heave a sigh of relief when it comes to displaying your landing page across multiple browsers. 
	Its compatibility with Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Internet Explorer makes it more versatile. 

=>7. JavaScript plugins to your rescue
	To make the pages more interactive, one needs elements, like sliders, drop-down menus, tabs, etc.
	The hunt begins to find complementing plugins to include these elements. 
	But with Bootstrap by your side, you can easily incorporate these components as numerous JavaScript plugins are bundled in the Bootstrap package. 
	Also, adding these functionalities is easy as you just need to write a few lines of code and you are all set. Moreover, with the customization option, you have the liberty to choose particular plugins, helping to maintain minimize file size. 

=>8. Far-reaching popularity
	The most crucial advantage of using Bootstrap is its widespread presence. 
	A multinational and global company like Apple utilizes Bootstrap for its Apple Maps and Apple Music web apps. 
	Not just this, but Dropbox, Coursera, and Airbnb have acknowledged the prowess of Bootstrap and are using it to maintain robustness.

=>9. Ample documentation
	When using a framework, the support from the community is priceless, but some prefer referring to written notes. 
	Fortunately, Bootstrap satiates this requirement by providing easy-to-read and efficient documentation on the Bootstrap website. 
	The framework is easy, and the documentation makes it easier to work on UI designing.

=>10. Updates at the doorstep
	Staying updated is the core of any technology. 
	The same thumb rule applies to Bootstrap, which is fully attuned. 
	Its core developers constantly keep the framework updated. 
	They keep a close eye on future web requirements and make changes accordingly. 
	Whenever there is a new update, Bootstrap considers the users to get hold of the latest and most advanced technology available in the industry.

Question-2.What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Answer.Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system. 
             Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them. While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container.

Question-3.What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
Answer.Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. 
             The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. 
             In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

Question-4.What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
Answer.Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. 
             It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. 
             Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together. 

Question-5.What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5
Answer.Difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5 
=>Enhanced Grid System
	The grid system is retained in Bootstrap 5. However, an extra grid tier xxl has been introduced to minimize the effort in making the pages responsive on higher resolution displays.
	Columns don't have a default relative position in Bootstrap 5.
	Classes have been added to address vertical spacing.

=>Enhanced Form Elements
	The form elements in Bootstrap 4 have defaulted to the browser-provided view. However, in Bootstrap 5, the form elements have a custom design that enables them to have a consistent look and feel in all browsers.
	The new form controls are based on completely semantic, standard form controls. This helps developers to avoid adding extra markups for form controls.

=>Utilities API
	Unlike Bootstrap 4, Bootstrap 5 enables the developers to modify and create their own utilities.
	You can simply use sass to create your own utilities.
	You can use the state option to generate dummy class variations like hover and focus.

=>Support for IE
	Bootstrap 5 no longer supports Internet Explorer 10 and 11 like its predecessor, Bootstrap 4.

=>Extended Colors
	Bootstrap 4 had limited color options. But Bootstrap 5 has included many new color options to its color palette, enabling you to choose from the various shades available. You can find some of the color shades below.

=>Bootstrap Icons
	Bootstrap 4 didn't have an SVG icon library. You had to use other third-Party libraries like Font Awesome to use icons in your applications. But Bootstrap 5 has taken care of this issue by introducing its own SVG library with 1000+ icons.
	It also includes a web font version in the stable version release of the icon library.

=>Site Generation Strategy
	Bootstrap 5 has moved to Hugo for its static site generation over Jekyll. Hugo is a fast static site generator implemented in Go and is quite popular. You can learn more about Hugo here.

=>Popper.js Update
	Bootstrap 5 update brings in an update for Popper.js as well, Popper.js v2. Popper.js generally helps to design the tooltips and popovers. With v2, the following changes come in:
	fallbackPlacement option becomes fallbackPlacements
	offset option is no longer available. However, you can use the popperConfig parameter to achieve this.

=>Placeholder Components
	Bootstrap 5 allows loading placeholders in your pages. This means that you can utilize the space of the components by showing placeholders in their place while they're still loading the actual content.

=>Floating Labels
	Bootstrap 5 adds support for floating labels in forms for the input fields. You can simply use the form-floating class to enable a floating label. When you enter some value into the input fields, they automatically adjust their position to their floated area.

=>RTL Support
	Bootstrap 5 has added support for RTL (Right-to-Left), which means you can develop content that needs writing from the right side of the page and continues to the left. As a result, websites in languages like Arabic, Sindhi, and Urdu can easily be developed.

=>jQuery Deprecation
	Bootstrap used jQuery from the very beginning as a dependency to offer dynamic features. With Bootstrap 5, jQuery is dropped, and Vanilla JS is introduced as its replacement.

=>Other Significant Changes
	Bootstrap 5 introduces a new data attribute naming structure. data-* attribute has been renamed to data-bs-*.
	Bootstrap 5 now provides easier customizations on the v4 theming pages and provides code snippets to build using Bootstrap's Sass files.
	Bootstrap 5 has added a new accordion component that includes icons that have a state and can be clicked. The accordion-flush class can be used to remove the default background color, borders, or corners to possibly render accordions edge-to-edge with the parent element.
	Bootstrap 5 documentation site is now enhanced to improve the user readability, and new examples have been added with code snippets.
	The inline-block property is removed in Bootstrap 5, and the dropdown-menu-dark class now loads with a default black dropdown.
	The support for jumbotron has been terminated in Bootstrap 5.
	With vertical classes in Bootstrap 5, the columns can be positioned relative.
	Gutters can now be applied using g* class instead of gutter. The font size is now set to rem instead of px.
	Lastly, Bootstrap 5 also adds a new offcanvas component that enables you to create hidden view panes that would pop out when you interact with component tied to it -- e.g., side navigation bars, shopping carts, etc. Here is an example of the bottom offcanvas component.
	
Question-6.What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
Answer.Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together. You can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin. This class is used for a basic button group.
             The three main classes that are used to create a button group are the btn-group class, the . btn class and one of the contextual classes (. btn-*).             

Question-7.How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Answer.
=>Bootstrap - Thumbnails
	Add an <a> tag with the class of . thumbnail around an image.
	This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
	On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

Question-8.In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Answer.Flexbox is used to quickly manage the layout, alignment and sizing of grid columns, navigation, components, and more with a full suite of responsive flexbox utilities. 
             You can also do complex implementations using custom CSS. 
             Flexbox Properties: Enable flex behaviors.

Question-9.How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Answer.Bootstrap provides an easy way to create predefined alert messages:

	Success! This alert box indicates a successful or positive action.
	Info! This alert box indicates a neutral informative change or action.
	Warning! This alert box indicates a warning that might need attention.
	Danger! This alert box indicates a dangerous or potentially negative action.
	Alerts are created with the .alert class, followed by one of the four contextual classes .alert-success, .alert-info, .alert-warning or .alert-danger:

=>Example
	<div class="alert alert-success">
	  <strong>Success!</strong> Indicates a successful or positive action.
	</div>

	<div class="alert alert-info">
 	 <strong>Info!</strong> Indicates a neutral informative change or action.
	</div>

	<div class="alert alert-warning">
	  <strong>Warning!</strong> Indicates a warning that might need attention.
	</div>

	<div class="alert alert-danger">
	  <strong>Danger!</strong> Indicates a dangerous or potentially negative action.
	</div>


Question-10.What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
Answer.A card is a flexible and extensible content container. 
             It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options. 
             If you're familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails.
