					MODULE:2 (CSS and CSS3)


Question-1.What are the benefits of using CSS? 
Answer.1) Faster Page Speed
	More code means slower page speed. And CSS enables you to use less code.
	CSS allows you to use one CSS rule and apply it to all occurrences of a certain tag within an HTML document.

2) Better User Experience
	CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting. 
	When buttons and text are in logical places and well organized, user experience improves.

3) Quicker Development Time
	With CSS, you can apply specific formatting rules and styles to multiple pages with one string of code. 
	One cascading style sheet can be replicated across several website pages. If, for instance, you have product pages that should all have the same formatting, look, and feel, writing CSS rules for one page will suffice for all pages of that same type.

4) Easy Formatting Changes
	If you need to change the format of a specific set of pages, it’s easy to do so with CSS. 
	There’s no need to fix every individual page. Just edit the corresponding CSS stylesheet and you’ll see changes applied to all the pages that are using that style sheet.

5) Compatibility Across Devices
	Responsive web design matters. In today’s day and age, web pages must be fully visible and easily navigable on all devices.
	Whether mobile or tablet, desktop, or even smart TV, CSS combines with HTML to make responsive design possible.



Question-2.What are the disadvantages of CSS? 
Answer.(1)CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among  web browsers.
             (2)With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. The web developers need to test for compatibility, running the program across multiple browsers.
             (3)There exists a scarcity of security.
             (4)After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear. The similar change affects on all the browsers.
             (5)The programing language world is complicated for non-developers and beginners. Different levels of CSS i.e. CSS, CSS 2, CSS 3 are often quite confusing.
             (6)Browser compatibility (some styles sheet are supported and some are not).
             (7)CSS works differently on different browsers. IE and Opera supports CSS as different logic.
             (8)There might be cross-browser issues while using CSS.
             (9)There are multiple levels which creates confusion for non-developers and beginners.

Question-3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 
Answer.Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle. 
	With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts, like those available in Google Fonts and Typecast.

Question-4.Name a few CSS style components
Answer.At its most basic level, CSS consists of two components:
	Properties: These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. 
		 For example, font-size , width , background-color .
	Values: Each property is assigned a value. This value indicates how to style the property.

Question-5.What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Answer.The opacity property sets the opacity level for an element.		
             The opacity-level describes the transparency-level, where 1 is not transparent at all, 0.5 is 50% see-through, and 0 is completely transparent.

Question-6.How can the background color of an element be changed?
Answer.use the CSS background-color property. 
	Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. 
	Then add this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

Question-7.How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
Answer. using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image. 
	The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. 
	It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.

Question-8.What is the use of the background-position property? 
Answer.The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. 
              By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

Question-9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
Answer.The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

Question-10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
Answer.There are two reasons behind this: 
	It enhances the legibility of style sheets. 
	The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

Question-11.How to center block elements using CSS1?
Answer.Center Align Elements
	To horizontally center a block element (like <div>), use margin: auto; Setting the width of the element will prevent it from stretching out to the edges of its container.

Question-12.How to maintain the CSS specifications? 
Answer.

Question-13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Answer.CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:
	1.Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.
	2.Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.
	3.External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

Question-14.What is embedded style sheets? 
Answer.Embedded Stylesheet: 
		It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place.
		 This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.

Question-15.What are the external style sheets? 
Answer.An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.
             Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. 
             The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

Question-16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
Answer.The advantages of External Style Sheets are:
	- Using them, the styles of multiple documents can be controlled from one file.
	- Classes can be created for use on multiple HTML element types in many documents.
	- In complex situations, selector and grouping methods can be used to apply styles.

             The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are:
	- In order to import style information for each document, an extra download is needed.
	- Until the external style sheet is loaded, it may not be possible to render the document.
	- For small number of style definitions, it is not viable.

Question-17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
Answer.CSS selectors are used to select the content you want to style. 
             Selectors are the part of CSS rule set. CSS selectors select HTML elements according to its id, class, type, attribute etc.

	There are several different types of selectors in CSS.
	1.CSS Element Selector
	2.CSS Id Selector
	3.CSS Class Selector
	4.CSS Universal Selector
	5.CSS Group Selector
              
Question-18.What are the media types allowed by CSS? 
Answer.

Question-19.What is the rule set? 
Answer.A CSS rule set contains one or more selectors and one or more declarations. 
             The selector(s), which in this example is h1 , points to an HTML element. The declaration(s), which in this example are color: blue and text-align: center style the element with a property and value.

Question-20.Create Layouts 
Answer.